README.md, before:

### A collection of bioinformatics tools for use with [Galaxy](https://galaxyproject.org/) written at Quadram Institute

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/quadram-institute-bioscience/galaxy-tools.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/quadram-institute-bioscience/galaxy-tools)

- **[nullarbor](https://github.com/tseemann/nullarbor)** Pipeline to generate complete public health microbiology reports from sequenced isolates
- **[ariba](https://github.com/sanger-pathogens/ariba)** Antimicrobial Resistance Identification By Assembly
- **[krocus](https://github.com/quadram-institute-bioscience/krocus)** Predict MLST directly from uncorrected long reads
- **[plasmidtron](https://github.com/sanger-pathogens/plasmidtron)** A kmer based approach for identifying plasmids
- **[socru](https://github.com/quadram-institute-bioscience/socru)** Order and orientation of complete bacterial genomes
- **[tiptoft](https://github.com/quadram-institute-bioscience/tiptoft)** Predict plasmids from uncorrected long read data

Commit message:

Update readme: Add albatradis, biotradis

README.md, after:

### A collection of bioinformatics tools for use with [Galaxy](https://galaxyproject.org/) written at Quadram Institute

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/quadram-institute-bioscience/galaxy-tools.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/quadram-institute-bioscience/galaxy-tools)

- **[ariba](https://github.com/sanger-pathogens/ariba)** Antimicrobial Resistance Identification By Assembly
- **[albatradis](https://github.com/quadram-institute-bioscience/albatradis)** Comparative TraDIS analysis
- **[biotradis](https://github.com/sanger-pathogens/bio-tradis)** A set of tools to analyse the output from TraDIS analyses
- **[krocus](https://github.com/quadram-institute-bioscience/krocus)** Predict MLST directly from uncorrected long reads
- **[nullarbor](https://github.com/tseemann/nullarbor)** Pipeline to generate complete public health microbiology reports from sequenced isolates
- **[plasmidtron](https://github.com/sanger-pathogens/plasmidtron)** A kmer based approach for identifying plasmids
- **[socru](https://github.com/quadram-institute-bioscience/socru)** Order and orientation of complete bacterial genomes
- **[tiptoft](https://github.com/quadram-institute-bioscience/tiptoft)** Predict plasmids from uncorrected long read data
